	10 days after the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and emergency measures from the federal government to stabilize the system, key parts of the banking industry are still reeling and anxious. This weekend, Switzerland's largest bank agreed to buy out its rival Credit Suisse for a fraction of its market value, and there were new efforts today to help stabilize First Republic Bank. We're joined now by Robin Farzad, host of public Radio's Full disclosure. It's great to see you. Thank you, Jeff. And let's talk about the demise of Credit Suisse overnight.
	The 167 year old institution is dead, sold in a fire sale to its biggest rival. Why should Americans care about what's happening with Credit Suisse? And and what does all of this suggest about the stability of the global banking system? I think, granted, I mean this was the C student of International Investment Banking and yet it was a student of investment banking internationally. And that's all interconnected with the other systemically important too big to fail banks. So after we had experienced what?
	We did here with Silicon Valley and that little mini bank panic. All eyes suddenly looked across the Atlantic for kind of weak players. That's just the way this works in social media. What about this guy? What about that guy? What about that guy? Show us your balance sheet. And immediately they realized that Credit Suisse could not stand on its own 2 feet. And the government there in Europe, I think there was a lot of suasion to force what is effectively a shotgun take under a merger. You saw something like that with JP Morgan and Bear Stearns back in 2008 when it was bought for $2.00 a share. And they got the headquarters near Grand Central. And this was largely to Telegraph that, look, we're on top of this crisis as well, but yet all eyes again are back on the United States. Yeah, well, let's talk about domestic banks because JP Morgan right now is reportedly advising First Republic on next steps. You've got the New York Community bank. They've agreed to buy a significant chunk of the failed Signature Bank. For the last 15 years, regulators have been focused on these banks that are deemed too big to fail as posing the greatest risks to the financial system.
	Are they blinded to the threat, potential threat posed by these smaller regional lenders? In fairness, these smaller regional lenders, these, you know, sub regional banks if you will, they were able to fly somewhat under the radar because of this deregulation, this impulse that you had in 2017 and 2018. The cry back then was we really can't make money with these onerous Dodd Frank rules. Why don't you give us a break? Donald Trump was president. Everybody had forgotten about 2008 and 2009 when in truth there was a whole other risk coming down the Pike.
	It wasn't about rolling subprime debt and toxic assets on Wall Street. It was about interest rate risk and being pretty with grabbing yield in this case. And it was something that it's amazing to people that a bank that was so big and so flush with deposits and so reputable as Silicon Valley Bank could kind of blink and everybody's asking where were the regulators, where in reality they kind of flew under the radar emulators question about Silicon Valley Bank because the decision by the federal government to make all of those deposit right.

	Even those folks who had well above the $250,000 amount that's insured by the FDIC, it's it sets a precedent. And there's this question of is what's good for thee? Good for me. Why? Why not just ensure all of the deposits? Because it's kind of an unthinkable taboo. Nobody knows what it would cost. It's not like the Fed and FDIC and and treasure and everybody get together and write a $30 trillion check or transfer payment to the banking system. I don't know the number above $250,000 that.

	The percentage of overall US deposits that are uninsured, but just the the telegraphing of it, just the suasion might be enough. Especially in this era of Zell and Twitter and frictionless transfers and going on your phone and moving something from a regional bank to a too big to Fail Bank to kind of forestall that like calm down. Because this is a crisis of confidence first and foremost. Again, it's not toxicity. It's not malfeasance. It was a question of are there, you know it's inside baseball. Are there mark to market losses and might there be a run on my bank and if enough people.

	Echo that, then the fear becomes reality. And so the Fed wanted to put a psychological wall in front of that. And I know I mixed 3000 metaphors, but I tried to explain this to my parents and my relatives who call, and that's really where we are right now. What is the Fed to do and what are they going to do next? I mean, up until now they've tried to balance or had to balance growth and inflation. Now they've got to navigate growth, inflation and the financial stability of the banking sector. How does that work? And it's not like you have two interest rates. It's not like you.

	Have one for hospitality and the two hot parts of the economy and real estate speculation and other special one for the banks. You do have kind of backdoor facilities with the Fed and liquidity channels and we'll help you warehouse bonds and kind of if you need ample liquidity. The Fed's balance sheet is swelling real time with this but it was up until 2-3 weeks ago laser focused on inflation and that's very hard to do when you have a banking crisis. So now there are concerns that if they come out and don't hike rates, people are gonna be like well that's worse than hiking by 1/4 of a point. Maybe they know.

	Something we don't know. So the steady hand theory, at least that was today's Wall Street Digest. Who knows what people are gonna romance tomorrow or the day after. It's a treacherously difficult thing to do and I think a function of unprecedented stimulus that we have that the Fed is, is trying to put back into the bottle. So bottom line, question in plain English, for folks who have their money stored away in just the bank down the street, do they have reason to be concerned if you are above $250,000? And again, it's not not because your daddy Warbucks or anything, but you might have.

	Working capital or small business, it makes sense to read the fine print. Oftentimes if it's a joint account with a spouse, you are protected. Read the fine print, ask, Don't transfer 1st and ask questions later. Very rarely in history of have depositors taken a haircut. The system doesn't want there to be an overall run on the system and you don't need to lose sleep at night about it. Yeah, more to come. Robin Farzad following it all. Thanks so much. Thank you, Jeff.